# Daniel Marshall | Koru Kids | Apprenticeship Portfolio

- Contents

# Introduction

My name is Dan Marshall, and I am an Associate Engineer at Koru Kids, a childcare company based in London. I attended the Makers Academy Bootcamp programme from 6th September - 27th November 2021

This document is my portfolio submission for the Software Developer V1.1 Level 4 Apprenticeship scheme

> **Contact Details**
> 

> Email: daniel.o.marshall@gmail.com
> 

> Github: @dannehdan
> 

# Koru Kids

Koru Kids is building the world’s best childcare service, starting in London and now expanding to the rest of the UK. We’re making it easier and more affordable for families to access high quality childcare.

Koru Kids recruits and trains people to be top class childcarers and offers an after school nanny, early years nanny and Home Nursery services to families.

## My role at Koru Kids

I started working at Koru Kids in September 2018 in Operations, before moving to Payroll Operations in 2019. My roles involved building low and no-code systems to allow us to invoice up to 1800 families, and pay 1800 nannies each month. Koru Kids started only 5 years ago, as an Operations heavy company, so many of our systems were originally built without engineering capacity and so the things I built were used while our engineering team were working their way towards ‘productising’ everything.

I attended Makers Academy Bootcamp in Sept 2021 on the recommendation of a member of the engineering team, and since returning I have been working in the ‘Essentials Team’

## Koru Kids Engineering Team

The Essentials Team currently consists of myself, an Associate Engineer, and 2 other Senior Engineers - our domain is around everything involving the relationships between families and nannies who are currently working together. Our largest service is the ‘Afterschool Service’, so this largely involves improving and maintaining payroll systems to ensure a smooth invoicing and paying experience for our families, nannies, and the operations team at Koru Kids, but can extend to contracts, trials, and a host of other ‘essential services’ for our working relationships.

### Tech Stack

Koru Kids works largely in Ruby, Ruby on Rails and ReactJS, with other languages sprinkled around such as HAML for page and email rendering